OADP - 1769 Operators backup (#59421)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-features.adoc

Reviewer: customer applications?  I think should be "applications" 
We have to call out specifically that operators in an application have to be excluded from a backup and restore to be successful.

Author: I used customer applications because that was written in the FAQ. https://access.redhat.com/articles/5456281#can-oadp-backup-my-entire-cluster-4

OpenShift API for Data Protection (OADP) supports the following features:

Backup::
You can use OADP to back up all applications on the OpenShift Platform, or you can filter the resources by type, namespace, or label.
+
OADP backs up Kubernetes objects and internal images by saving them as an archive file on object storage. OADP backs up persistent volumes (PVs) by creating snapshots with the native cloud snapshot API or with the Container Storage Interface (CSI). For cloud providers that do not support snapshots, OADP backs up resources and PV data with Restic.

+
[NOTE]
====

> You must exclude Operators from an application, for backup and restore to succeed.

Reviewer: s/You must exclude Operators from an application/You must exclude Operators from an application backup/g

> You must exclude Operators from an application's backup, for backup and restore to succeed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must exclude Operators from the backup of an application for backup and restore to succeed.
```
IMO an alternate construction for the possessive is clearer and is OK to use [1]
[1] https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-possessives

> OADP will not successfully back up operators or etcd. There are a variety of ways to customize a backup and restore to avoid backing up inappropriate resources via namespaces or labels.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
OADP may not successfully restore operators out of the box. Operators generated resources with OwnerReferences to another operator custom resource should generally be excluded and let the operator recreate them for restore to be successful.
```

Reviewer 3: I think you could use the same note for restore as well.. "will not restore " is a bit strong imo.

====

> 

Reviewer 4: The IBN Style guide recommends "might" instead of "may" to remove ambiguity. "It" is ambiguous, so i suggest replacing it with OADP. The second sentence is not clear. Are you saying that it is recommended to avoid using Operator-generated resources that have `OwnerReferences` that point to another Operator custom resource (CR)"? I don't understand the last clause. Avoid "should" -- either use "must/have to" or say 'Do this". Take a look at "recommend" in https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#project for more ideas.

Restore::
You can restore resources and PVs from a backup. You can restore all objects in a backup or filter the restored objects by namespace, PV, or label.

+
[NOTE]
====

> You must exclude Operators from an application's backup, for backup and restore to succeed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must exclude Operators from the backup of an application for backup and restore to succeed.
```
